IAST 2023 is a multi-fraternity AYUSH event, to be hosted at Nishagandhi Auditorium at Thiruvananthapuram, from 13 to 15 January 2023.

Key motive of the summit is to promote high quality research and academic discourse of AYUSH medical systems. Conduct seminars on cost effective AYUSH services, promotion of AYUSH systems, strengthening of health educational systems.  Quality control of Ayurveda, Siddha and Unani & Homoeopathy (ASU &H) drugs and sustainable availability of ASU & H raw-materials will be addressed in the summit.

Press Network of India (PNI) a registered media society having pan-India presence, along Santigiri Ashram, an organization diligently promoting AYUSH across the globe and leading organisations of AYUSH practitioners like QPHA (Qualified Private Homeopath’s Association) along with likeminded organizations are organizing the summit. IMC (International Malayali Council), a prominent social and cultural organization is making every effort to make the Summit a unique success

To publicize the Summit, awareness sessions coupled with medical camps are scheduled at  prominent locations: within Kerala and neighboring states .

Medical Camps
Specialized Clinics for critical illness like CANCER and HEART ailments .
The Summit has over 40 specialized clinics from all departments of AYUSH- Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy. The clinics are manned by specialists in critical illnesses like cancer, cardiac, kidney, and liver, pulmonary and also life-style related. There speciality clinics for senior citizens (geriatric ailments), women and children. There will be separate centers for traditional medicines and alternate therapy.


Highlights Of IAST 2023
3000+ Deligates and Celebrated Speakers
Over 3000 delegates from reputed health related Institutions from India and abroad. Speakers specialized in AYUSH system of medical science and therapy from India and abroad.

Find Out More
Plenary and Parallel Sessions
Plenary Sessions and Parallel Sessions conducted in accordance with accepted norms. Selected scholars from the concerned AYUSH department will manage each session.

Find Out More
100+ Topics on AYUSH & Holistic Healthcare
About 100 topics of contemporary relevance, carefully selected by the Scientific Committee will be covered. The topics are selected after elaborate discussions with the scholars, academics, manufacturers, policy makers, therapists and NGOs working in Health Sectors

Find Out More

Our Associates
It is impossible to host an International Summit of this magnitude without the support from the Associates. A Big thanks to all of them!

Register Now
Don’t miss this exceptional occasion to update your health care wisdom. Register now and ensure your presence. We we’ll get back personally with all details once your registration is complete. The registration is absolutely hassle-free. Click to the Registration button on top of the home page. You are through in no time

Beyond the Summit Sessions
Civic community is the real beneficiary of any health programme. So, IAST 2023 has a few specially designed programs for the public at large:

Speciality medical clinics in all five disciplines of AYUSH
AYUSH speciality awareness stalls, AYUSH medicinal plant expo, AYUSH healthy food court
AYUSH awareness classes and public lectures
Release of books & journals
Yoga demonstrations from 6:30am to 7:30 am on all the three days of the summit at the Summit site, By yoga Acharyas
Our Gallery


Venue -Nishagandhi Auditorium and Jawahar Balabhavan, Thiruvananthapuram
Nishagandhi is a sprawling natural beauty that is in the heart of the Historical capital city of the god’s own country, Kerala. It is easy to locate, just five kilometers away from Thiruvananthapuram International Airport and less than three kilometers from Thiruvananthapuram Central Railway station and State Transport Bus Depot. The world famous Kovalam beach is just 15 km away and Kanyakumari is just two hours away. Nearby we have the lush green herbal mountains Agasthya mountains, known for rare medicinal herbs like the lifesaving mritasanjeevani and near to that mountain we have the misty hills of Ponmudy, a wonderful tourist destination. Just 40 kms north of Thiruvananthapuram, we have the ever enthralling natural beach Varkalala, known for its lofty cliffs. The world famous Sri Padmanabha Temple in Thiruvananthapuram is another pious destination for the delegates

Address: Nishagandhi Auditorium, Kanaka Nagar, Nanthancodu, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala 695033


Thiruvananthapuram
Thiruvananthapuram also known as Trivandrum, is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala.

Getting by a train
The nearest rail station from Nishagandhi Auditorium is Thampanoor, which is about 3.2 kilometres away with in the town. Once you reach at the station, you can hire a Taxi or Autorickshaw that will drive you to the Nishagandhi Auditorium.

National Rail
Additional Details
If you are arriving at Thiruvananthapuram airport   then you can go by Bus or hire a taxi or autorickshaw to Nishagandhi Auditorium  and it is about 6.7 kilometres away.

Thiruvananthapuram also known as Trivandrum, is the capital and the largest city of the Indian state of Kerala  is a major tourist centre, known for the Padmanabhaswamy Temple, the beaches of Kovalam and Varkala, the backwaters of Poovar and Anchuthengu and its Western Ghats tracts of Ponmudi and the Agastya Mala.

 

Our Location  Nishagandhi Auditorium Thiruvananthapuram is well-connected by road ,rail and airport. Airport is about 6.7 kilometers  Rail is about 3.2 kilometres away


About IAST
International AYUSH Summit Thiruvananthapuram – IAST 2023 is a multi-fraternity AYUSH event to be hosted at Thiruvananthapuram.
